Now let's add these tests for the gist part.
So I'm just going to copy these two tests.
And opening sign up just tears and pasting right after.
It's not going to be working here, but I will just get it one by one.
So in this one it displays account activation notification after successful sign up.
So this is going to be async test we call setup form.
Now we are going to check the nonexistence of this text.
Now, we don't really depend on the elements.
We don't care about the, the, the class names.
So we can use the functionalities coming with the testing library to look for this specific text.
So at this moment before clicking the button, we know that it's not going to be there.
So we are going to use screen query by text so we can query this text.
Directly.
So we expect this screen created by text and not.
To be in the document, then we are going to click the button.
For the the API part, the server is already returning 200 with empty object.
So we are fine with it and we don't need to do anything about UI changes.
Then we are going to wait for this text to appear and this time we are going to use another functionality
of testing library.
And that one is.
So when when something is going to be visible after some time for querying those type of things, we
can use screen find by queries.
So like query by, find by and get by are the three main query functionalities.
So find buys find by queries are basically waiting for this query to end up with the result.
So we are going to find by text and this is async.
So we await here and let's assign it to a variable.
Let's call this text and in the end we expect.
This.
Text to be in the document to be in the document.
So this is the first test.
And the next one is for hiding the sign up.
Hiding the sign up form.
Again, we call.
Make sure this is async.
We call setup form.
Then we get the the form sign up.
And at this moment we know the sign up form is there.
We can get screen.
We can either use query by test id.
We are using the star ID for this one test ID.
Or we can go with get pi tested because the element is there.
It's not going to be causing any trouble.
So we will be just receiving the elements we are looking for and the test it is form sign up.
So this is basically looking for exactly this attribute.
So in when when we are doing this test, I specifically set the attribute like this so that we wouldn't
be doing anything on the just test part as well.
So this is returning the element.
Let's assign it to a variable.
At this point, we don't need to do any assertion because we are using this get by.
If it wouldn't be finding the element and it would be drawing error and this test would be failing at
this line.
So we don't need to run like expect form to be in the document at this point because it is already doing
the assertion implicitly.
So we have this variable which is referring to the element we are looking for.
Then we can click the button and again we can use this one find by text for it.
Waiting for this text to appear.
So just copying it.
So at this moment we received the response.
The UI is updated.
Then basically we will check, check the expect form not to be in the document.
So here we got a reference to the form element and we know that after after successful signup, it's
not going to be in the document.
So the test is a bit simpler like this, like in the just form saving this one.
And all tests are passing.